hey everybody today I'm making pecan
bars and the ingredients for these bars
are one box of yellow cake mix you will
need to take two thirds of a cup of that
yellow cake mix and set it aside you
also need a half a cup of melted butter
and 1 egg like that goes into the base
of the pecan bars the feeling is made up
of two thirds cup of the cake mix I have
a cup of brown sugar 1 half cups of corn
syrup and three eggs so that's the
ingredients and i'll be back and start
with the base ah ok i forgot to mention
i am preheating my oven to 350 and I've
also taken this 10 right here I'm
cooking in this baking tin I usually
don't do that but it just saves on
cleanup for me and it is a 13 x nine pan
and I have grease the bottom the size of
it so here are here's my melted butter
I'm important here that's a half a cup
of melted butter and my 1 egg 1 egg ok
and here's what the instructions say
they do I've made these before but i
think i've only made them once and they
are really good but in where the
instruction says to mix this cake mix
which i've taken two thirds of a cup i
love in reserve right there it is
alright you mix this up until the cake
mix is crumbly and then you pat it into
this pan right here when i get that done
I'll be right back bye alright here it
is this is a box of yellow cake mix with
two-thirds cup of it removed a half a
cup of butter and one egg get salt egg
that's all mixed together and put into a
greased 13 by 9 baking 10 I will put
this in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes at
350 degrees all right i'll be back by
all right disaster has almost struck
while my crust which is right here was
baking I've got it on already she died
using the oven to catch the drippings
and the reason I'm putting it on this is
this pan looks tiny and I'm a feeling
that's gonna run over in the oven so I
put it on this old sheet but here's what
the crest looks like it looks it's light
golden brown alright in this I hope you
can see it in this I have bad lighting
I'm sorry in this bowl right here I've
got a half a cup of brown sugar that is
dark brown sugar it didn't call for dark
but that's what I had I have a hat one
and a half cups of corn syrup it did
call for dark corn syrup but I didn't
have that so two-thirds cup of that
reserved cake mix and three eggs so what
happened was when i was baking them the
base of this pick on the bar i knew i
had i bought corn syrup yesterday at
walmart well I had a little bit in that
jar ready so I was taking that out of a
joint I went to look for my other corn
syrup couldn't find it looked in the
pantry looking on my cabinets I thought
well has James taking that upstairs when
it was in a bag of something else looks
in the Jeep kidding find it so what I
have to do I had to go down to the store
and buy corn syrup so now my base is
cooled off I hope it works I'm sure it
will so what I'm going to do is I'm
gonna mix this app the brown sugar the
reserved cake mix the corn syrup and
three eggs and when I get that done and
we'll pour it on top of the base and
then I'm going to sprinkle it with my
pecans and when I have that done I'll be
right back back all right here's what it
looks like it looks like a disaster
waiting to happen that is so full that I
know that it's gonna boil over what you
said because these bars are
they taste so good I didn't make it in
at this kind of 10 last year and I'm a
feeling that maybe that's not the right
size team I don't know but we'll see
what happens and we'll put this in a 350
degree oven again for 30 to 35 minutes
until the topping sets so I'll put it on
30 minutes and then I'll check it and
we'll see what it looks like i'll be
back back all right here's what it looks
like I almost boiled over right there
but for some reason it did not kick even
one side is higher than the other so
this size a little bit more done so i
had to keep it in there a little bit
longer than what i wanted to but what
I'll do is I'll sit this on a rack and i
will let it cool and when it cools off
enough that i can cat it i will cut a
couple pieces out and show you what it
looks like the rest of it i will when it
gets totally cool i will cut it into
pieces and freeze those in my freezer
and put them in with my cookies and
stuff that i'm going to send out I hope
you all enjoy this recipe and I'll tell
you what it tastes like in the
description bar I have a feeling that's
overcooked but it'll still be pretty
good maybe not as good as it could have
been I right everybody this is Melissa
kicking from up in the holler bye
everybody
you